CI rework - use kind, validate->test->publish, contrib and release rework (#1422)
jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s: .binder/README.md

# What is this folder about?

> It's contains the dependency information required by [a notebook](doc/ntbk/draw_function.ipynb) that [we reference](doc/source/cost.rst) in our documentation to run on mybinder.org. All it takes is the click of [a link](http://mybinder.org/v2/gh/jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s/master?filepath=doc/ntbk/draw_function.ipynb) thanks to this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains the dependency information required by [a notebook](doc/ntbk/draw_function.ipynb) [referenced](doc/source/cost.rst) in our documentation to run on mybinder.org. This dependency information allows a click of [a link](http://mybinder.org/v2/gh/jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s/master?filepath=doc/ntbk/draw_function.ipynb) to create the rendered notebook.
```
